Update remote MCP OAuth availability (#9549)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/integrate-mcp-cursor.md

<TabItem value="OAuth with dbt platform">

> Configuration settings for users who want OAuth authentication with the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> <Lifecycle status="self_service, managed, managed_plus" />.

Author: ```suggestion
_Remote MCP OAuth is available in public beta for Starter, Enterprise, and Enterprise+ accounts._

Configuration settings for users who want OAuth authentication with the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.
```

> <TabItem value="OAuth with dbt platform">

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

In `integrate-mcp-cursor.md`, under the "Set up with local dbt MCP server" section, there's an "OAuth with dbt platform" tab:

The new line _Remote MCP OAuth is available in public beta for Starter, Enterprise, and Enterprise+ accounts._ reads as if it's about remote MCP, but this tab is for local MCP setup (`uvx dbt-mcp` with OAuth).

Author: udpated to clarify 'local' https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/commit/030aa6e472578359eac41b423108e6e2349ca29b
